cloud: add Premium Request Capacity Unit (RCU) doc (#22810)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing.md

### Pricing for {{{ .premium }}} {#pricing-for-premium}

> For {{{ .premium }}}, you are billed based on the number of provisioned Request Capacity Units (RCUs) and the storage that you actually use, rather than the underlying backend nodes or provisioned disk size. See [{{{ .premium }}} Pricing Details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-premium-pricing-details/).

Reviewer: “the number of provisioned Request Capacity Units (RCUs)” -> "the actual [Request Capacity Unit (RCU)](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-glossary.md#request-capacity-unit-rcu) consumption"?

> For {{{ .premium }}}, you are billed based on the number of provisioned Request Capacity Units (RCUs) and the storage that you actually use, rather than the underlying backend nodes or provisioned disk size. See [{{{ .premium }}} Pricing Details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-premium-pricing-details/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For {{{ .premium }}}, you are billed based on the actual [Request Capacity Unit (RCU)](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-glossary.md#request-capacity-unit-rcu) consumption and the storage that you actually use, rather than the underlying backend nodes or provisioned disk size. See [{{{ .premium }}} Pricing Details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-premium-pricing-details/).
```
